You're a boss putting on a show for the player to enjoy

The scene will be a typical rpg setting. You're a big bad boss and the player is a hero.


You just graduated from the evil bosses school, and now your first job is to put up a show for the oncoming players that are coming to your game, you try to scramble up 
enough abilities and skills to conjure an amazing boss fight to wow them.


The boss (You) could be a big bad dragon, or a devil, or an evil knight, but either way you are an upright character in the evil boss school and you are motivated to create an
amazing fight for your players


You could say some dialouge to motivate the player, or get them excited for the fight(dialouge would help filling up the excitement meter easier, or something). Maybe there will be some
lines that could do the reverse and kill the excitement(immersion? idk)

"You will never win against me!" (Positive)
"Oh I've longed for a worthy fight against you." (Positive)
"Dodge this if you can!" (Positive)
"You will not stop me from making you having fun!" (Negative)
"*mumbles mumbles*" (Negative)
"You suck at the game, just give up" (Negative"

4th wall break, light-hearted story


Ending 1: Good Ending (High enjoyment)
You've succeeded in making a boss fight that people will pass down through the generations, many years later your game popped up again as an internet trend and you've mangaged to secure
a remake.


Ending 2: Neutral Ending (Medium enjoyment)
You've managed to make a decent enough boss fight that people liked, your game is well-liked all around but was nothing stand out, eventually you are forgotten to time.


Ending 3: Bad Ending (Low enjoyment)
Your boss fight was so amazingly horrible that people would discourage others from playing your game just because of the fight, your name has become a dumpster fire and a topic
for video creators online to make quick 5 mins of "what went wrong" videos.


Ending 4: Cult Classic Ending (High enjoyment, another condition to meet idk, maybe high kill count or something)
You've created not just a fight, but an unforgetable experience for the players, however your high difficulty means that some people will not be able to play to the end, you left 
a brutal legacy that would spawn a genre based around you, and are forever remember as a cult classic.

